three Scott Scotty here again as you can
see why the title I used the same
tactics to hacking black ops 142 a model
more fairy try and bring more into
battlefield I'm going to start doing XP
lobbies like I'll start renting servers
and kicking people you know whatever x
space fluffy awesome majorly leveling so
though GV you don't know X Caleb results
like p at one kill you probably like
unlimited fucking what he called um
unlimited XP day for me pretty much it
and this would one should hit level 50
colonel straight up just one kill no
matter what level you are yes I want to
start doing them but since I'm long
subscribers at the moment this is what
I'm gonna do to start gain subscribers
every 10 subscribers I'll uh oh dual
lobby over those 10 people this time
people can invite one person when 20
persons if that person needs no XP lobby
for one of his friends welcome blue
whatever night so um yeah so more
subscribers more XP lobbies you get all
levels you go up in and um yeah that's
really it um just another thing i really
need subscribers so if you could share
me do whatever it would be appreciated a
lot yeah so light break comment
subscribe add me message me for more
information i'm gonna do a giveaway
fiercely a game giveaway we got to do
when i put this video up um I'm stomping
like probably make it like
like comment subscribe whatever the
games and put me to put in it I'm just
going to add you something we do it
while I'm here skate 3 black ops box to
nature speed undercover need for speech
here um I hope games everywhere unlike
the choking in here 3 i'm not sure yet
how good writer Thank You Tube like
comment rate subscribe remember share
your friends and you'll get the sex we
love you 10 I'm sort of simple as that
he's won three-straight like comment
rate subscribe and shit Thank You Tube
I'll have my my channel and the length
so if you want post me up on Facebook or
whatever or tell friends fucking I don't
know writer times D to catch you later
on bitch is remember to comment your
game your PlayStation 3 name tag down
below so I can get you into these
lobbies butter not to get the picture
fucking name down Jamie cannot fucking
bash you like a heart magic Thank You
Tube